WRITINg THe FIRST C PROgRaM
To write a C program, we first need to write the code. For that, open a text editor.
If you are a Windows user, you may use Notepad and if you prefer working on UNIX/Linux,
you can use emac or vi. Once the text editor is opened on your screen, type the following statements:
           
		   #include <stdio.h>
           int main()
           {
                 printf("\n Welcome to the world of C ");// prints the message on the screen
                 return 0;// returns a value 0 to the operating system
		   }

After writing the code, select the directory of your choice and save the file as first.c.
#include <stdio.h> This is the first statement in our code that includes a file called stdio.h. 
This file has some in-built functions. By simply including this file in our code, we can use these 
functions directly. stdio basically stands for Standard Input/Output, which means it has functions 
for input and output of data like reading values from the keyboard and printing the results on the screen.
int main() Every C program contains a main() function which is the starting point of the program. 
int is the return value of the main function. After all the statements in the program have been executed, 
the last statement of the program will return an integer value to the operating system. 
The concepts will be clear to us when we read this chapter in toto. So even if you do not 
understand certain things, do not worry. { } The two curly brackets are used to group all the related 
statements of the main function.

printf("\n Welcome to the world of C "); The printf function is defined in the stdio.h file and is used 
to print text on the screen. The message that has to be displayed on the screen is enclosed within double 
quotes and put inside brackets. \n is an escape sequence and represents a newline character. 
It is used to print the message on a new line on the screen. Other escape sequences supported by C language
return 0; This is a return command that is used to return value 0 to the operating system to give an 
indication that there were no errors during the execution of the program.

Arithmetic Operators
Consider three variables declared as,
    int a=9, b=3, result;

